Add pint formatting commands in readme file (#70)
whilesmart/lasodec: README.md

- `php artisan migrate`
- `php artisan orchid:admin admin admin@admin.com password` [Create a user with maximum permissions with name: admin, email: admin@admin.com and password: password. Change accordingly]
- `php artisan serve`

## Contributing
### Linting

> Linting ensures consistent code formatting and helps maintain code quality. Before submitting a pull request (PR), contributors should make sure their changes pass the lint check.
> To run the linting process, execute the following command:
> - `./vendor/bin/pint` [Format the codebase]
> - `./vendor/bin/pint --test` [Test the codebase for formatting issues]
> 
> Make sure there are no linting errors or warnings before requesting code reviews for your PR. This helps keep the codebase clean and maintains consistent coding standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `pint` for, execute the following commands:

    ./vendor/bin/pint (formats the codebase)
    ./vendor/bin/pint --test (check for linting errors)

It's important to make sure that there are no linting errors or warnings before requesting code reviews for your PR. 
```

- `php artisan migrate`
- `php artisan orchid:admin admin admin@admin.com password` [Create a user with maximum permissions with name: admin, email: admin@admin.com and password: password. Change accordingly]
- `php artisan serve`

> - `./vendor/bin/pint` [Format the codebase]

Reviewer: This is not the best way to do it.

Please, add a new section called #Contributing in that section you can add a sub-section on on ## Linting and describe how linting is done and mention that contributors need to make sure their PRs pass the lint check before asking for reviews.

Hope that makes sense.
